#leadmp @work(12) @fruitveg(3)
- Abortive Virgin Media engineer visit to fix networking issue 
### Lent & Easter: E+D Webinar with Stephen Hance & Sandra Millar
- home group Qs up on C of E site for Lent
	* [x] find this → https://www.churchofengland.org/sites/default/files/2021-01/Living%20His%20Story%20Homegroups%20AWH.pdf @done(2021-01-27)
- memory making: stones on a local cairn?
- remember the number living alone, and not just older ones
- app: Q: Will the Comfort and Joy app automatically update to the LiveLent app, or will it be a separate different app? A: It will be the campaign app (last campaign Comfort and Joy) and will update to LiveLent in early February
- heart shaped knitting - 'heart attack!'
- Shrove/Pancake Tuesday: Zoom pancake parties? 
- Ash Weds: ashing at home? Ask + PVA glue onto a card for others.
- Lent -- think in weekly themes - reflection & action?
	- Journey to the Cross - Via Dolorosa
	- Mary Hawes' ideas on churchsupporthub

### Congregational Meeting ideas
- FF@4
- Need for new Treasurer
	* Leadership "Team"? Team JD areas
	* Ask Anne to speak → @ccmag
- Sparklers notes every day
- call to prayer
- Liz W???
- New life: Raines
- group photo
- Dima, Melanie Otto

### Media
- started watching #tv series The Bay about Morecombe Bay disappearances
- @jgctweets tweet: "@elismatthews @NellyMoloney Oh what joy we had when first seeing WW. And how much joy I still get when I return to it. Janel and Brad always brilliant, together or apart. But then so was everyone else ... #BestSeriesEver" ([permalink](http://twitter.com/jgctweets/status/1354450394047516676))
- @jgctweets tweet: "@virginmedia “Our Connect App will be able help ...” Already tried that, and no it doesn’t." ([permalink](http://twitter.com/jgctweets/status/1354451265472884739))

